---
ID: 35
post_title: 오픈소스 Android
author: newtro
post_excerpt: ""
layout: post
permalink: http://etc.senztv.com/license-and/
published: true
post_date: 2020-03-27 08:00:39
---
<!-- wp:paragraph -->
<p>Licensing</p>
<!-- /wp:paragraph -->

<!-- wp:list -->
<ul><li>Facebook<br>MIT License Copyright (c) Facebook, Inc. and its affiliates. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.</li><li>Retrofit2<br>Copyright 2013 Square, Inc.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>okhtttp3<br>Copyright 2019 Square, Inc.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>io.socket.client<br>(The MIT License) Copyright (c) 2014-2018 Automattic &lt;dev@cloudup.com&gt; Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaininga copy of this software and associated documentation files (the'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, includingwithout limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and topermit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject tothe following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall beincluded in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANYCLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THESOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</li><li>Glide<br>License for everything not in third_party and not otherwise marked: Copyright 2014 Google, Inc. All rights reserved. Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification, arepermitted provided that the following conditions are met:    1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this list of         conditions and the following disclaimer.    2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice, this list         of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or other materials         provided with the distribution. THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY GOOGLE, INC. ``AS IS'' AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIEDWARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY ANDFITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL GOOGLE, INC. ORCONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, ORCONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS ORSERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ONANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDINGNEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IFADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those of theauthors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, either expressedor implied, of Google, Inc.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------License for third_party/disklrucache: Copyright 2012 Jake WhartonCopyright 2011 The Android Open Source Project Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.You may obtain a copy of the License at    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, softwaredistributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.See the License for the specific language governing permissions andlimitations under the License.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------License for third_party/gif_decoder: Copyright (c) 2013 Xcellent Creations, Inc. Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaininga copy of this software and associated documentation files (the"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, includingwithout limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and topermit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject tothe following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall beincluded in all copies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OFMERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ANDNONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BELIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTIONOF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTIONWITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------License for third_party/gif_encoder/AnimatedGifEncoder.java andthird_party/gif_encoder/LZWEncoder.java: No copyright asserted on the source code of this class. May be used for anypurpose, however, refer to the Unisys LZW patent for restrictions on use ofthe associated LZWEncoder class. Please forward any corrections tokweiner@fmsware.com. -----------------------------------------------------------------------------License for third_party/gif_encoder/NeuQuant.java Copyright (c) 1994 Anthony Dekker NEUQUANT Neural-Net quantization algorithm by Anthony Dekker, 1994. See"Kohonen neural networks for optimal colour quantization" in "Network:Computation in Neural Systems" Vol. 5 (1994) pp 351-367. for a discussion ofthe algorithm. Any party obtaining a copy of these files from the author, directly orindirectly, is granted, free of charge, a full and unrestricted irrevocable,world-wide, paid up, royalty-free, nonexclusive right and license to deal inthis software and documentation files (the "Software"), including withoutlimitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute,sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons whoreceive copies from any such party to do so, with the only requirement beingthat this copyright notice remain intact.</li><li>jp.wasabeef:glide-transformations<br>Copyright 2015 Wasabeef  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>me.leolin:ShortcutBadger<br>Copyright 2014 Leo Lin<br>Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");<br>you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.<br>You may obtain a copy of the License at<br><a href="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0</a><br>Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software<br>distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,<br>WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.<br>See the License for the specific language governing permissions and<br>limitations under the License.</li><li>id.zelory:compressor<br>Copyright (c) 2016 Zetra.  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>net.yslibrary.keyboardvisibilityevent:keyboardvisibilityevent<br>Copyright 2015-2019 Shimizu Yasuhiro (yshrsmz)  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>com.theartofdev.edmodo:android-image-cropper<br>Originally forked from&nbsp;<a href="https://github.com/edmodo/cropper">edmodo/cropper</a>.Copyright 2016, Arthur Teplitzki, 2013, Edmodo, Inc.Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this work except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License in the LICENSE file, or at:<a href="http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0">http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0</a>Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>com.github.chrisbanes:PhotoView<br>Copyright 2018 Chris Banes  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>com.qhutch.elevationimageview:elevationimageview<br>Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.</li><li>com.vdurmont:emoji-java The MIT License (MIT)Copyright (c) 2014-present Vincent DURMONT&nbsp;<a href="mailto:vdurmont@gmail.com">vdurmont@gmail.com</a>Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.</li><li>com.pierfrancescosoffritti.androidyoutubeplayer<br>MIT License Copyright (c) 2018 Pierfrancesco Soffritti Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions: The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.</li></ul>
<!-- /wp:list -->